Add migration doc for the parsec-server (#5739)
Scille/parsec-cloud: docs/adminguide/updating/index.rst

.. Parsec Cloud (https://parsec.cloud) Copyright (c) BUSL-1.1 2016-present Scille SAS

.. _doc_adminguide_updating:

.. cspell:words linenos literalinclude

======================

> Parsec Server updating

Author: done

======================

This guide covers the updating procedure for the `Parsec`_ server (also called `parsec-backend`).

.. note::

  We consider that you are using the same infrastructure configuration as in the :ref:`Parsec Server installation guide <doc_adminguide_hosting>`.
  Adapt this guide to your own situation.

.. _Parsec: https://parsec.cloud

Updating to a newer version
***************************

.. warning::

  Before updating to a newer version, we recommend that you backup the database,

>   In case you need to rollback the update.

Reviewer: BTW we should probably add a section below instructing HOW to rollback in case of problems.

>   In case you need to rollback the update.

Author: > we should probably add a section below instructing HOW to rollback in case of problems.

I've planned for that, but the server don't provide a way to rollback (undo the applied database migration that was applied during the update).
That would require the user to preemptively create a database backup (the goal of this text) and use that backup when needed.

But the user will lose data (Lose the data that was added after the update).

>   In case you need to rollback the update.

Author: done

> In this guide, we will consider that you are using the parsec-backend at the version ``2023-10-11-v2.16.0-rc.5.dev-b33d909`` and you want to update-it to ``v2.16.0``.

Reviewer: I think the guide should show how to migrate from a public version to another (For example from `2.15.0` to `2.16.0`) since this is the most probable scenario for Parsec users.

> In this guide, we will consider that you are using the parsec-backend at the version ``2023-10-11-v2.16.0-rc.5.dev-b33d909`` and you want to update-it to ``v2.16.0``.

Author: We didn't have a docker image in `2.15` :/

But I can do it for the form

> In this guide, we will consider that you are using the parsec-backend at the version ``2023-10-11-v2.16.0-rc.5.dev-b33d909`` and you want to update-it to ``v2.16.0``.

Author: (partially resolved)

> In this guide, we will consider that you are using the parsec-backend at the version ``2023-10-11-v2.16.0-rc.5.dev-b33d909`` and you want to update-it to ``v2.16.0``.

Author: done

> 1. Update the docker image's tag of the ``parsec-backend`` in docker-compose's file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Update the ``parsec-backend`` docker image tag in docker-compose file (`parsec-server.docker.yaml`):
```

Author: Done

PS: RST use double ` `` ` for code span

  .. literalinclude:: ../hosting/parsec-server.docker.yaml
    :language: yaml
    :linenos:
    :emphasize-lines: 43

>   You need to change the used tag (at line **43**) to ``v2.16.0``.

Reviewer: This may be prone to errors if someone changes the `../hosting/parsec-server.docker.yaml`. Maybe it is better to just duplicate the line here instead of reference it: there is still the risk of someone updating the docker compose file, but at least the line here won't point to wrong line (it will be just outdated)

Reviewer: BTW I've opened a PR to add line numbers in the installation guide too (useful if the installation guide is opened in another tab for example): https://github.com/Scille/parsec-cloud/pull/5760

Author: done

2. Apply the database migration:

  .. code-block:: bash

>     docker-compose compose -f parsec-server.docker.yaml run parsec-backend migrate

Reviewer: What about the dry-run that we apply before migrating the database? shouldn't we suggest the user to do the same thing?

Author: We can ask the user to run `dry-run` first, but then what does it do with that information ?

The user will likely don't know what to do with that information.

Reviewer: The instructions in `parsec-cloud-saas-deploy` shows an example run:

```
$ parsec backend migrate --db $DATABASE_URL --dry-run
Migrate ✔
0001_initial.sql (already applied)
0002_add_migration_table.sql (already applied)
0003_human_handle.sql (already applied)
0004_invite.sql (already applied)
0005_redacted_certificates.sql (already applied)
0006_outsider_enabled.sql (already applied)
0007_users_limit.sql (already applied)
0008_apvi1_removal.sql (already applied)
0009_add_realm_user_change_table.sql (already applied)
0010_add_pki_certificate_table.sql (already applied)
0011_add_sequester_tables.sql (already applied)
```

And then say :
> Verify that the changes listed by the command are expected.

It's still not that clear, maybe we can say something like:   
```
Check that SQL migration scripts are executed incrementally with the status "already applied". 
If there is an error, please open a bug report so we can investigate.
```

BTW, can you add @vxgmichel as a reviewer?

Author: done
